fix(docs): Clarify sooner which mode to choose (#709)
getsentry/sentry-relay: docs/index.md

- The `mode` setting configures the major mode in which Relay operates. For more
  information on available relay modes, refer to _[Relay Modes]_.

>   **Right now the only options that work with `sentry.io` are `proxy` and `static`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Right now, the only options supported by `sentry.io` are `proxy` and `static` mode.**
```

### Credentials

> *Not applicable in `proxy`/`static` mode*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Not applicable in `proxy`/`static` mode.*
```

### Registering Relay with Sentry

> *Not applicable in `proxy`/`static` mode*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Not applicable in `proxy`/`static` mode.*
```
